by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/LanguageNotificationReceiver.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LanguageNotificationReceiver
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/ActionType.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.ActionType
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.ActionType$1
com/sateda/keyonekb/KeyoneIME.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.KeyoneIME
 com.sateda.keyonekb.KeyoneIME$1
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/AppCompatPreferenceActivity.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.AppCompatPreferenceActivity
com/sateda/keyonekb/BuildConfig.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.BuildConfig
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/CorrectionAdapter.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$2
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$CorrectionsListener
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$ItemEditDialogListener
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$MyViewHolder
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$MyViewHolder$1$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$MyViewHolder$2
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionAdapter$MyViewHolder$2$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionItem
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionViewItem
com/sateda/keyonekb/CandidateView.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.CandidateView
 com.sateda.keyonekb.CandidateView$1
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/WordsList.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.WordsList
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.WordsList$1
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/ReplaceValues.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.ReplaceValues
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/WordWithBoundaries.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.WordWithBoundaries
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/HttpHelper.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.HttpCallback
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.HttpHelper
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.HttpHelper$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.HttpHelper$1$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.HttpHelper$2
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/SoundManager.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SoundManager
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SoundManager$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SoundManager$2
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/AppSettings.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.AppSettings
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/LanguageDetector.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LanguageDetector
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LanguageDetector$1
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/TextSelection.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.TextSelection
com/sateda/keyonekb/ICHelper.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.ICHelper
com/sateda/keyonekb/MoreKeysKeyboardView.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.MoreKeysKeyboardView
com/sateda/keyonekb/NotificationProperties.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.NotificationProperties
com/sateda/keyonekb/OverKeyboardPopupWindow.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.OverKeyboardPopupWindow
 com.sateda.keyonekb.OverKeyboardPopupWindow$OnKeyboardHideListener
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/ReplacerService.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.ReplacerService
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.ReplacerService$1
com/sateda/keyonekb/SatedaKeyboard.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SatedaKeyboard
com/sateda/keyonekb/SatedaKeyboardView.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SatedaKeyboardView
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SatedaKeyboardView$1
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SatedaKeyboardView$2
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/NetworkState.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.NetworkState
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/LayoutConverter.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.InputMethod
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$10
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$11
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$2
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$3
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$4
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$5
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$6
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$7
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$8
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.LayoutConverter$9
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/CorrectionsActivity.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionsActivity
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionsActivity$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CorrectionsActivity$2
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/VibrationPattern.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.VibrationPattern
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/ReplacerActivity.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.ReplacerActivity
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/Language.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.Language
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.Language$1
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/AddToDictionaryActivity.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.AddToDictionaryActivity
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/SoundPattern.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SoundPattern
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/CheckVersionReceiver.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CheckVersionReceiver
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.CheckVersionReceiver$1
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/VibrationManager.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.VibrationManager
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.VibrationManager$1
com/sateda/keyonekb/IconsHelper.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.IconsHelper
com/sateda/keyonekb/KeyboardTestActivity.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.KeyboardTestActivity
 com.sateda.keyonekb.KeyboardTestActivity$1
 com.sateda.keyonekb.KeyboardTestActivity$2
com/sateda/keyonekb/MainActivity.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.MainActivity
 com.sateda.keyonekb.MainActivity$1
 com.sateda.keyonekb.MainActivity$2
 com.sateda.keyonekb.MainActivity$3
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/SettingsActivity.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$ApplicationPreferenceFragment
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$AutocorrectPreferenceFragment
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$BackupPreferenceFragment
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$BackupPreferenceFragment$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$BackupPreferenceFragment$2
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$ExperimentalPreferenceFragment
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$ExperimentalPreferenceFragment$1
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$NotificationPreferenceFragment
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.SettingsActivity$ShortcutPreferenceFragment
com/sateda/keyonekb/SettingsActivity.java
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$1
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$2
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$3
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$4
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$5
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$6
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$7
 com.sateda.keyonekb.SettingsActivity$8
by/mkr/blackberry/textlayouttools/UserTempDictionary.java
 by.mkr.blackberry.textlayouttools.UserTempDictionary
